Modify mozilla.org testing doc; Update SuMo test doc (#257)
mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation: src/products/mozilla_org/testing.md

* Header line break wraps at proper place.
* Text not overlapping graphic.
* Terminology consistent with product, and among web pages.

> * Brand names remain in English, with a few exceptions due to declension.

Reviewer: Can we link to guidelines here?

Author: Added.

* Product names comply to Mozilla guideline and adhere to what the community has agreed to.
* No corrupted characters.

> * Click on the links on the page, which should take you to the pages of the same language if they are localized, or they will be redirected to en-US if the pages are not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click on the links on the page, which should take you to the pages of the same language if they are localized, or they will be redirected to en-US if the pages are not.
```

This is not completely accurate. en-US will be the ultimate fallback, but there might be other locales depending on the user's settings (e.g. they ask for content in Fulah, French, English, they will get French before English).

Author: Reworded this section to incorporate your input.

* Click the download link, you should be able to download the product in your language, if it is localized, such as Firefox.
* Font support and readability.
* Footer: verify that the translation of the link is coherent and the link is functional.

> * Language list: is your language listed as one of the options? Check https://www-dev.allizom.org/firefox/all/ to confirm. See [detailed steps below](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation/blob/main/src/products/mozilla_org/testing.md#firefoxallftl) to get to the language list.

Reviewer: You don't need the full URL to link within a page, just the part `#firefoxallftl`.

Updated translations are pushed to the production server regularly throughout the day.

* New page: When a brand new page is available for localization, it will be enabled on production when it’s 80% complete. At that point, if it doesn’t reach 100% completion level, the page will be available on production with English content mixed with translation. Before the page is activated in production, use the staging server for testing.
* Activated page with added strings: The strings will appear in English on production right away. Localized content will be pushed to production as soon as translations are available in the repository.

> * Activated page with string updates: The switch to the updated content happens when the replacements of obsolete strings are fully localized. In some cases, there is a defined period of time frame to show the new strings on production so test the updates on staging server. The obsolete string will be removed three months after the introduction of the replacement strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Activated page with string updates: The switch to the updated content happens when the replacements of obsolete strings are fully localized. In some cases, there is a defined time frame to show the new strings on production, so test the updates on staging server. The obsolete string will be removed three months after the introduction of the replacement strings.
```

* Activated page with template change: In some cases, a page receives a major update that requires a complete rewrite of the template. If this happens, the old template is kept online only for a defined period of time. When removed, it will cause the URL to redirect users to the English version if the intended localized version is not ready, or other user preferred localized versions are not available either.

> * Activated page missing too many updates: An activated page falling far behind with multiple updates will create bad user experience. They may be subjected to removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Activated page missing too many updates: An activated page falling far behind with multiple updates will create a poor user experience. They may be subjected to removal.
```

* New page: When a brand new page is available for localization, it will be enabled on production when it’s 80% complete. At that point, if it doesn’t reach 100% completion level, the page will be available on production with English content mixed with translation. Before the page is activated in production, use the staging server for testing.
* Activated page with new string update (no tags): The strings will appear in English on production right away. Localized content will be pushed to production as soon as translations are available in the repository.

> * Activated page with tagged new string update: The switch to the updated content happens when tagged strings are fully localized. In some cases, there is a defined period of time frame to allow tagged strings to be fully localized. Test the updates on staging server. The obsolete string will be removed three months after the introduction of the new string update.

Reviewer: (comment valid for this and the previous comment with "no tags") 

Again, there is no concept of tagging a string in current Bedrock. That refers to a very specific action when we used langchecker. 

There are new strings, and there are obsolete strings (which have a comment calling out them as such).
New strings are used when they're translated, fallbacks (obsolete) are used in the meantime, until they're removed (3 months).

Similarly, there are no "activated pages" anymore, that refers to the `## active ##`  tags.

Author: I reworded this section and distinguish the types of new content: 1) new page, 2). page with new strings, 3). page with new strings to replace obsolete strings.

* Activated page with template change: In some cases, a page receives a major update that requires a complete rewrite of the template. If this happens, the old template is kept online only for a defined period of time. When removed, it will cause the URL to redirect users to the English version if the intended localized version is not ready.

> * Activated page missing too many updates: An activated page falling far behind with multiple updates will create bad user experience. We might decide to disable it manually.

Reviewer: Is this process manual? Who decides, and how it's done?

Author: This was the general guideline. I don't believe it was ever practiced. I will check with the team.

Author: I didn't get a confirmation on this. I made a generic statement instead.

It is safe to say that it will take less than an hour to see your changes reflected on the production server.

When a project has a firm deadline to meet, it will be indicated at the top left corner of the project page in Pontoon and at the page level. When necessary, it will be communicated through [the l10n-community room on Matrix]https://chat.mozilla.org/#/room/#l10n-community:mozilla.org). 

## Testing content in Fluent

### Reviewing and updating [brands.ftl](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/www-l10n/blob/master/en/brands.ftl)

This file captures all the brand and product names that appear in all the pages on mozilla.org. As a general rule, brands and product names remain unchanged. The exceptions are:

> * Account/Accounts in Mozilla Account/Accounts

Reviewer: That's misleading, given that "accounts" should be lowercase most of the time. Please sync with Bryan about finding the guidelines to point to.

> * Sync in Firefox Sync

Reviewer: Shouldn't be used anywhere at this point, no reason to call it out.

## Testing content in Fluent

### Reviewing and updating [brands.ftl](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/www-l10n/blob/master/en/brands.ftl)

This file captures all the brand and product names that appear in all the pages on mozilla.org. As a general rule, brands and product names remain unchanged. The exceptions are:

* Account/accounts in Mozilla account/accounts: Mozilla should be treated as a brand, but `account` and `accounts` should be translated. Both the singular and plural forms are used in lower cases. Uppercase is reserved for special use cases where headline case is necessary, for example legal document names and references.
* Browser/Browsers in Firefox Browser/Browsers

If your community decides to translate any of these products or feature names, translate it once and translate it in this file. Be sure to have a consensus among active contributors what the translation should be before updating this file. This practice will ensure term use consistency across all pages.  

Please refer to the [guidelines for brands and trademarks](https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/styleguides/mozilla_general/index.html#brands-copyright-and-trademark) when reviewing and updating this file.

> ### Reviewing and updating migrated files

Reviewer: Do you think this section still relevant, given how many years passed from the migration?

If yes, then you need to explain what "migrated" means (from what? when?).

Author: I removed this section after reviewing the few locales still have errors from the migration. They have extremely low completion and are mostly inactive.

* Browser/Browsers in Firefox Browser/Browsers.

If your community decides to translate any of these products or feature names, translate it once and translate it in this file. Be sure to have a consensus among active contributors what the translation should be before updating this file. This practice will ensure term use consistency across all pages.  

Please refer to the [guidelines for brands and trademarks](https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/styleguides/mozilla_general/index.html#brands-copyright-and-trademark) when reviewing and updating this file.

### Reporting technical issues

Report issues that can’t be resolved in Pontoon by:
* Filing a bug in [Bugzilla](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=Mozilla%20Localizations) and selecting your locale.
* Adding the l10n PM in charge for NI. The l10n PM information appears at the top left corner on the [project page](https://pontoon.mozilla.org/projects/mozillaorg/).
* Including the file name plus a screenshot and/or URL.

> * If an extra tag is added to a string in order for it make sense in your language, the string will generate a linter error. The l10n PM for the project will consult you whether to make this an exception so it will not generate a linter error in the future.

Reviewer: You need to explain what a linter is, given the target for this document.

### Reporting vendor translation errors

> If the mozilla.org project is not in your Pontoon dashboard, but the site is localized into your locale, it is likely being translated by a translation vendor. Report any translation errors that can't be fixed in Pontoon by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the mozilla.org project is not in your Pontoon dashboard, but the site is localized into your locale, it is likely being translated by a translation vendor. Report any translation errors by:
```

By definition (`If the mozilla.org project is not in your Pontoon dashboard`), it can't be fixed in Pontoon.

### Reporting technical issues

Report issues that can’t be resolved in Pontoon by:
* Filing a bug in [Bugzilla](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=Mozilla%20Localizations) and selecting your locale.
* Adding the l10n PM in charge for NI. The l10n PM information appears at the top left corner on the [project page](https://pontoon.mozilla.org/projects/mozillaorg/).
* Including the file name plus a screenshot and/or URL.

> * If additional tag must be added in your language for a particular string in order to make it make sense, this will generate a linter error. You can request the l10n PM to make an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If markup needs to change in your language for a particular string, this will generate a linter error. You can request the l10n PM to make an exception.
```

Do they need to request it though? The PM will see the error and ask.

Author: Reworded this section.

* The [Firefox Privacy Notice](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/firefox/) document is localized in limited number of languages.
* Click on the **Need Help** link, you will be directed to the [SUMO](https://support.mozilla.org/products?utm_source=mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=need-help-link) home page.

### [firefox/new/download.ftl](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/new/)

* Click the **Download Firefox** button to check the [thank you](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/download/thanks) page that triggers an automatic download.
* The [Firefox Privacy Notice](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/firefox/) document is localized in limited number of languages.
* Click on the **Download options and other languages** link, you will be directed to the [firefox/all](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/all/) page.
* Click on the **Firefox Browser support** link, you will be directed to the [SUMO](https://support.mozilla.org/products/firefox) site featuring various topics on Firefox.

### [navigation_v2.ftl](https://www.mozilla.org/)

> This page is activated on production whether it is localized or not. It is not an independent page but a file of shared content. When clicking on any of these topics on the navigation bar, **Firefox Browsers**, **Products**, **Who We Are** or **Innovation**, you will see a drop-down panel with subcategory topics. Within each of the topics, there is a description and a few links to help you dive deeper further into a topic which takes you to a different page. When reviewing the content, keep in mind the following:

Reviewer: > This page is activated on production whether it is localized or not.

Not completely sure what this means? Section is not about a page, it's a file (shared content), as you explain in the next sentence.

Author: I changed the wording so it makes more sense, hopefully.

* Click the **Sign In to Monitor** button, you will be taken to the sign-in page in order to get to the [Firefox Monitor](https://monitor.firefox.com) site.
* Click on the links under each of the following products:
   * Firefox Browser
   * Firefox Monitor
   * Firefox Relay	
   * Mozilla VPN
   * Pocket

Note: You may see different languages between mozilla.org, the login window, and the products above. If any of these products is not localized in your locale, it will fall back to other languages set as preferred for content language negotiation, assuming any of them is available for the project, or English.

### [firefox/all.ftl](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/all/)

> On the right side of the page, there is a four-step process to go through in order to download a Firefox browser. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the right side of the page, there is a four-step process to go through in order to download Firefox. 
```

* Browsers: choose one of the options either for desktop or mobile. Click on the `?` next to the Browsers category, a popup window shows the descriptions of different versions of Firefox browsers available for download. Select one browser to proceed to the next step.
* Platforms: Click on the `?`, a popup window shows the descriptions of different versions of installers available for download.

> * Languages: A list of currently available in the build depending on what is selected in the above two categories. Check whether your current preferred language is shown by default. Change to a different language, check whether the download summary above the **Download Now** button corresponds to your new selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Languages: A list of languages currently available in the build depending on what is selected in the above two categories. Check whether your current preferred language is shown by default. Change to a different language, check whether the download summary above the **Download Now** button corresponds to your new selection.
```

> * Download: The **Download Now** button appears if the three categories are all available. 

Reviewer: available?

Author: I was thinking of some smaller African languages for instance, depending on what one selected, especially in the platform, maybe that version is not available.

Author: Removed that conditional clause from the sentence.

> On the lower left side of the above four pages, you will see these links:

Reviewer: Not really four pages, it's just on the lower left side of the page.

Author: change to `... each of the above pages,`

>  * These two sites are in English only: [Check the system requirements](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/system-requirements/) and [Release notes](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/notes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* These two sites are in English only: [Check the system requirements](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/system-requirements/) and [Release notes](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/notes/).
```

* The [Firefox Privacy Notice](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/firefox/) document is localized in limited number of languages.
* Click on the **Need Help** link, you will be directed to the [SUMO](https://support.mozilla.org/products?utm_source=mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=need-help-link) home page.

### [firefox/new/download.ftl](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/new/)

* Click the **Download Firefox** button to check the [thank you](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/download/thanks) page that triggers an automatic download.
* The [Firefox Privacy Notice](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/firefox/) document is localized in limited number of languages.
* Click on the **Download options and other languages** link, you will be directed to the [firefox/all](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/all/) page.
* Click on the **Firefox Browser support** link, you will be directed to the [SUMO](https://support.mozilla.org/products/firefox) site featuring various topics on Firefox.

### [navigation_v2.ftl](https://www.mozilla.org/)

> This page is activated on production whether it is localized or not. It is not an independent page but a file of shared content. When clicking on any of these topics on the navigation bar, **Firefox Browsers**, **Products**, **Who We Are** or **Innovation**, you will see a drop-down window with subcategory topics. Within each of the topics, there is a description and a few links to help you dive deeper further into a topic which takes you to a different page. When reviewing the content, keep in mind the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page is activated on production whether it is localized or not. It is not an independent page but a file of shared content. When clicking on any of these topics on the navigation bar, **Firefox Browsers**, **Products**, **Who We Are** or **Innovation**, you will see a drop-down panel with subcategory topics. Within each of the topics, there is a description and a few links to help you dive deeper further into a topic which takes you to a different page. When reviewing the content, keep in mind the following:
```
